refactor: updated example bridge + docs (#83)
AztecProtocol/aztec-connect-bridges: README.md

This repo includes an Infura key that allows forking from mainnet. We have included some helpers to make testing easier.

In production a bridge is called by a user creating a client side proof via the Aztec SDK. These transaction proofs are sent to a rollup provider for aggregation. The rollup provider then sends the aggregate rollup proof with the sum of all users' proofs for a given `bridgeId` to your bridge contract.

A `bridgeId` consists of the below schema. The rollup contract uses this to construct the function parameters to pass into your bridge contract. It calls your bridge with a fixed amount of gas via a `delegateCall` via the `DefiBridgeProxy.sol` contract.

To test a bridge, we have added a `MockRollupProcessor` that simulates a rollup. You can call this in your tests by simply calling `rollupContract.convert()` with the deconstructed `bridgeId` fields.

> In production, the rollup contract will supply `inputValue` of both input assets , and `interactionNonce` as a globally unique ID. For testing you can provide this.

Reviewer: The wording is a little strange. 
```suggestion
In production, the rollup contract will supply `inputValue` of both input assets and use the `interactionNonce` as a globally unique ID. For testing you may provide this value.
```
